feat: add doc for MFE testing (#702)
edx/frontend-component-header-edx: docs/testing_in_mfe.rst

.. title:: Testing the Header Component from Within an MFE

Testing the Header Component from Within an MFE
================================================

Overview
--------

This guide describes how to test local changes to ``frontend-component-header-edx`` by wiring the component source directly into a consuming MFE using a webpack alias — no build or publish step required.

> This approach should work with any MFE that imports ``@edx/frontend-component-header``.

Author: Not helpful.

Run the following from your host machine or in the MFE container:

.. code-block::

   cd /path/to/frontend-component-header-edx
   npm install

Step 2: Add a webpack alias to the consuming MFE
-------------------------------------------------

Open ``webpack.dev.config.js`` in ``frontend-app-learning`` and add the header source alias along with peer-dependency aliases. The peer-dependency aliases ensure that both the header source and the MFE use the same instances of shared libraries (React, Paragon, etc.), preventing duplicate-module errors.

The changes below assume the existing config uses the mutation pattern (calling ``createConfig`` and then adding to ``config.resolve.alias``). Add the block before the ``createConfig`` call and the mutation after it:

.. code-block::

   // Add before the createConfig call:
   const headerPeerDeps = [
     '@edx/frontend-platform',
     '@openedx/paragon',
     'prop-types',
     'react',
     'react-dom',
     'react-redux',
     'react-router-dom',
   ];

   const headerPeerAliases = Object.fromEntries(

>      headerPeerDeps.map(pkg => [pkg, path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules', pkg)])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     headerPeerDeps.map(pkg => [pkg, path.resolve(__dirname, 'node_modules', pkg)]),
```

Nit: the linter complains about the missing comma for me. I don't think it's picked up in CI because it's the webpack config (that's purely speculation though)

Testing the Header Component from Within an MFE
================================================

.. note::
   **Warning:** This doc *may* work as-is, but may not. The process described worked for the author, but has not been verified by another. If you verify or fix this doc, please update or close `BOMS-619`_, the ticket for follow-up review.

.. _BOMS-619: https://2u-internal.atlassian.net/browse/BOMS-619

Overview
--------

This guide describes how to test local changes to ``frontend-component-header-edx`` by wiring the component source directly into a consuming MFE using a webpack alias.

This approach *should* work with any MFE that imports ``@edx/frontend-component-header``.

.. note::
   These instructions assume you are running the MFE inside the edX devstack (Docker). If you are running the MFE from your host machine, the changes are the same except the header source path in ``webpack.dev.config.js`` should be the absolute local path to the header repo's ``src/`` directory (e.g. ``/Users/yourname/edx/src/frontend-component-header-edx/src``) instead of the Docker path shown below.

Prerequisites
-------------

- The edX devstack is running.

> - ``frontend-component-header-edx`` is checked out locally on the branch you want to test. On the host machine, clone it to ``<DEVSTACK_DIR>/src/frontend-component-header-edx``, where ``<DEVSTACK_DIR>`` is the directory containing your devstack installation. The devstack mounts this location inside the MFE container at ``/edx/app/src/frontend-component-header-edx/``.

Reviewer 2: I think this isn't correct or it's ambiguous. This seems to imply that the `src` directory is in the `devstack` repo directory, when it should be in the `DEVSTACK_WORKSPACE` directory.

Author: ```suggestion
- ``frontend-component-header-edx`` is checked out locally on the branch you want to test. On the host machine, clone it to ``<DEVSTACK_WORKSPACE>/src/frontend-component-header-edx``, where ``<DEVSTACK_WORKSPACE>`` is the directory where devstack and all the devstack cloned repos live. The devstack mounts this location inside the MFE container at ``/edx/app/src/frontend-component-header-edx/``.
```
